# Superhero Full Movie In Hindi Dubbed Download Filmyzilla
  
Rick Riker is an unpopular student at Empire High School. He lives with his Uncle Albert and Aunt Lucille, and his best friend, Trey. Rick has a crush on Jill Johnson, but she is dating bully Lance Landers. One day, Rick's class goes on a school field trip to an animal research lab run by terminally ill businessman Lou Landers, Lance's uncle. During the trip, Rick accidentally saturates himself in animal-attraction liquid, which causes a group of animals to flock to him, including a chemically enhanced radioactive dragonfly, which bites his neck.
 
Meanwhile, Lou creates a machine designed to heal illness. Testing it on himself, he gains perfect health at the cost of needing to drain life energy from a victim per day. To avoid arrest for murder, Lou becomes the villain Hourglass. During a science fair, Rick's body changes, which creates a number of mishaps. He later realises he has developed superpowers from the dragonfly bite. Rick reveals his secret to his uncle and Trey, and an argument starts between him and Albert. The next day, while visiting the bank with Lucille, Rick accidentally allows a bank robber to make off with stolen cash. The robber then shoots and injures Albert.
 
**Download File ✵ [https://stupimoplanze.blogspot.com/?download=2A0Tb5](https://stupimoplanze.blogspot.com/?download=2A0Tb5)**


 
Charles Xavier contacts Rick and introduces his school for mutants, where Mrs. Xavier tells him to make a costume to be a superhero. At home, Rick creates a superhero costume and dubs himself The Dragonfly. The Dragonfly starts watching over the city and fighting crime, quickly becoming a media sensation despite being unable to fly. Later, Dragonfly attempts to stop Hourglass from robbing a warehouse full of "ceryllium" as part of his evil plan but fails, allowing Hourglass to escape.
 
Later that night, Jill is attacked by thieves, but The Dragonfly saves her and they share a kiss. Meanwhile, Landers plans to construct a machine that will kill people and give him enough life energy to make him immortal. Later that night, Landers and Lance have dinner with Rick's family and Jill, but Landers secretly learns of Rick's true identity when he notices the same injuries on Rick as on The Dragonfly. Making up an awkward excuse, he and Lance leave. Landers returns minutes later as Hourglass and kills Aunt Lucille. Albert awakens from his coma and learns about her death by his moronic doctor. After her funeral, Jill meets Rick and offers to begin a relationship with him. However, Rick fears for her safety, and rejects Jill, leaving her hurt and furious.
 
Rick decides to end his superhero career, but knowing that Hourglass would head to an awards ceremony to kill thousands of people, he gets Albert to take him there. At the ceremony, Landers tells Rick the Dalai Lama is Hourglass, causing The Dragonfly to assault the Dalai Lama, causing chaos. Meanwhile, Jill discovers that Landers is Hourglass. When Hourglass clashes with Dragonfly on a rooftop, he activates his machine. Dragonfly manages to destroy both the machine and the Hourglass with his own bomb.
 
The explosion throws Jill off the roof and The Dragonfly dives after her, eventually growing wings and flies. Jill learns that Rick is The Dragonfly due to a family ring he wears being exposed through a hole in his glove and the two begin a relationship. After being thanked for saving the city, Rick flies away with Jill, but the two are unexpectedly rammed by a passing helicopter.

The film was initially slated for theatrical release on February 9, 2007, as *Superhero!* under the direction of David Zucker.[2] However, it was delayed, and the film later began production on September 17, 2007, in New York, and the director's chair was shifted to Craig Mazin, with Zucker being pushed back to being a producer.[3][4] Though the film was produced in New York, the flyover scenes used as transitions in the film use footage of the business district in downtown Kansas City, Missouri.
 
*Superhero Movie* received generally negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 16% based on 51 reviews with an average rating of 3.80/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "*Superhero Movie* is not the worst of the spoof genre, but relies on tired gags and lame pop culture references all the same."[6] On Metacritic, the film has a score of 13 out of 100 based on 14 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".[7] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "C+" on an A+ to F scale.[8]
 
*Superhero Movie* was released on DVD July 8, 2008. It was released in the rated PG-13 theatrical version (75 min.) and the extended edition (81 minutes). The extended DVD features commentary by Zucker, Weiss, and Mazin, deleted scenes, and an alternate ending. There is also a Blockbuster Exclusive version of the Film which is the PG-13 version with the bonus features on the Unrated version and even more deleted scenes.
 
Star of the film Drake Bell composed (along with Michael Corcoran) and recorded a song for the movie entitled "Superhero! Song" during the movie's post-production. Co-star Sara Paxton provided backup vocals for the song. This song can be heard in the credits of the movie, however it is credited as being titled "Superbounce". It originally appeared on Bell's Myspace Music page. It was released in iTunes Store as a digital downloadable single on April 8, 2008.
 
The film parodies the entire superhero genre but is mainly a direct parody of *Spider-Man* and *Batman Begins*.[5] However, the film also features some spoofs of the 20th Century Fox *X-Men* characters, and the *Fantastic Four*, and some members of both teams are featured in the film.
 
The film also makes fun of certain celebrities and their real-life actions such as Tom Cruise's Scientology video and Barry Bonds' alleged use of steroids. It also makes fun of British scientist Stephen Hawking.[9]
 
But that's not all. Look a little further ahead, and you'll see that Marvel Phase 5 is set to wrap up with Thunderbolts\* before Marvel Phase 6 kicks off with the Fantastic Four's introduction to the MCU. We can also look forward to two new Avengers movies, a sequel to The Batman, and the start of James Gunn and Peter Safran's hugely exciting DCU Chapter One on the big screen.
 
Elsewhere, there are also some undated upcoming superhero movies on the cards that we've detailed below. So, for the lowdown on all the upcoming Marvel movies, upcoming DC movies, and more heading our way, scroll down!
 
Several upcoming superhero movies have been announced and are in various stages of pre-development. However, there's no guarantee that any of these (bar a few MCU and DC offerings) will make it to the big screen. But they're worth keeping an eye on, nonetheless!
 
Previous DC projects, such as Gotham City Sirens and Green Lantern Corps, are now dead under the new DC Studios regime. Co-CEO James Gunn announced the slate for DCU's Chapter One: Gods and Monsters in January 2023. Meanwhile, Beyond the Spider-Verse has also been indefinitely delayed and removed from the schedules.
 
Luckily, there are still plenty of flicks in the works and a well of titles we can re-watch in the meantime. Speaking of, if you are still playing catch up on the various superhero universes, you'll need our guides on how to watch the Marvel movies in order and the DC movies in order.
 
For more on new films coming soon, see our guide to all of 2024's major movie release dates. Or, if you are after some classic flicks to add to your watchlist, check out our ranking of the best superhero movies of all time.
 
**Ryan Coogler** is coming back to write and direct **Black Panther: Wakanda Forever** and **Chadwick Boseman** was poised to reprise the starring role before his unexpected passing. Marvel has said they will not be recasting the role of T'Challa. Wakanda Forever brings back nearly all of the main cast from the first film and introduces some new faces including **Michaela Coel** as Aneka, **Tenoch Huerta** as Namor, and **Dominique Thorne** as Riri Williams/Ironheart. Filming began in June 2021 in Atlanta and wrapped on March 2022 in Puerto Rico. Wakanda Forever marks the final movie of Phase Four.
 
Director David F. Sandberg returns to direct the sequel to DC's 2019 hit with Shazam! with **Zachary Levi**reprising his role as the titular youthful superhero and **Asher Angel**back****as his young alter ego. This time, Shazam will have his foster family by his side to take on the daughters of Atlas, who will be played by Academy Award-winner **Helen Mirren** and the iconic**Lucy Liu**.**West Side Story** breakout star **Rachel Zegler** will also be joining the cast as Anthea, a daughter of Atlas. Filming began May 2021 and concluded August 2021.
 
In November 2019, Marvel Studios announced that Peyton Reed would return to direct a third **Ant-Man** movie. **Rick and Morty** screenwriter **Jeff Loveless** was subsequently hired to write the script, and **Kathryn Newton** has joined the cast as an older version of Scott Lang's daugther Cassie while **Jonathan Majors** will play the villain Kang the Conqueror. Filming began in summer 2021 and wrapped in November 2021. This will be the first film of Phase Five.
 
When **Aquaman** hit theaters in December 2018, it surprisingly became the highest-grossing film of the DCEU thus far, topping out at over $1.1 billion. With that in mind, Warner Bros. set about getting the wheels in motion on a sequel, though director **James Wan** cautioned that he wouldn't move forward on it until the script was right. The studio has now set a far-away 2022 release date to give the film enough time to develop, and Aquaman co-writer (and frequent Wan collaborator) **David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick**has been tasked with writing the screenplay. Filming began in July 2021 and the film's title is **Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom**. Filming officially wrapped in January 2022. It has been revealed that both **Ben Affleck**'s Batman would be a part of the film.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
